docs: formalized '1 approval' and 'team assigned' labels (#9861)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: docs/maintenance/Pull_Requests.mdx

For repeat reviews, be clear when it's something you missed earlier and/or there's new information.
Don't apologize if the missed information was only made clear because of requested changes - this is part of the review process!

### Approvals

If the PR addresses a time critical task, such as a security fix or `main` branch build break, go ahead and squash merge it.

Otherwise, upon completing your review, if the build is passing and you have no blockers, approve it on GitHub.
Then:

- If there isn't a `1 approval` label or existing approval, add the `1 approval` label
- If there's already `1 approval` and/or it's been a week since the last request for changes, go ahead and squash merge

>   - For straightforward PRs that don't impact users, you can wait 3 days instead

Reviewer: I guess we could also posit something along the lines of "no need to reset the 3 day timer for minor fixups from code reviews of otherwise approved code" or something, if that makes sense

For repeat reviews, be clear when it's something you missed earlier and/or there's new information.
Don't apologize if the missed information was only made clear because of requested changes - this is part of the review process!

### Approvals

If the PR addresses a time critical task, such as a security fix or `main` branch build break, go ahead and squash merge it.

Otherwise, upon completing your review, if the build is passing and you have no blockers, approve it on GitHub.
Then:

- If there isn't a `1 approval` label or existing approval, add the `1 approval` label
- If there's already `1 approval` and/or it's been a week since the last request for changes, go ahead and squash merge
  - For straightforward PRs that don't impact users, you can wait 3 days instead

There's no need to reset waiting periods for minor fixups from code reviews of otherwise approved code.

> We try to leave PRs open for at least a week to give reviewers who aren't active every day a chance to get to it.

Author: Made this a bit more clear/precise: it's a week in review, not a week since approval. IMO no need to wait a week after approval for something that's already been open for a bit.

Reviewer: Oh, good call on clarifying that. That's a better approach than what my understanding was! 👍

For repeat reviews, be clear when it's something you missed earlier and/or there's new information.
Don't apologize if the missed information was only made clear because of requested changes - this is part of the review process!

### Approvals

Upon completing your review, if the build is passing and you have no blockers, approve it on GitHub.
Then:

> - If there isn't a `1 approval` label or existing approval, add the `1 approval` label

Author: Oh, I wonder if we should add a contingency for urgent things, like security reports or broken `main` builds...

Author: 3abac143f

- If there's already `1 approval` and/or it's been a week since the last request for changes, go ahead and squash merge
  - For straightforward PRs that don't impact users, you can wait 3 business days instead

> We try to wait a week on PRs to give part-time reviewers a chance to get to it.

Author: I couldn't figure out how to phrase the idea succinctly. I.e. I want to make sure that reviewers who only have 1-2 days a week to review get a chance to see things.

This has been an issue for me in the past in other projects (not this one), where things get shoved through by 2 people in a small number of business days and I never got a chance to give input. 😞

Reviewer: Maybe like this?
```suggestion
We try to wait a week on PRs to give reviewers who aren't active every day a chance to get to it.
```

For repeat reviews, be clear when it's something you missed earlier and/or there's new information.
Don't apologize if the missed information was only made clear because of requested changes - this is part of the review process!

### Approvals

If the PR addresses a time critical task, such as a security fix or `main` branch build break, go ahead and squash merge it.

Otherwise, upon completing your review, if the build is passing and you have no blockers, approve it on GitHub.
Then:

- If there isn't a `1 approval` label or existing approval, add the `1 approval` label
- If there's already `1 approval` and/or it's been a week since the last request for changes, go ahead and squash merge
  - For straightforward PRs that don't impact users, you can wait 3 days instead

We try to wait a week on PRs to give reviewers who aren't active every day a chance to get to it.

:::tip

> If a PR has had `1 approval` and no change requests for a week, go ahead and merge it.

Reviewer 2: This seems redundant? What's the purpose of this from the bullet above.

Author: My thought was that the instructions technically only apply if you are reviewing... but, yeah, I think anybody on the team should be able to understand this is implied. 👍
